Disclaimer
DO NOT BASE ANY INVESTMENT DECISION UPON ANY MATERIALS FOUND ON THIS WEBSITE.
We are not registered as a securities broker-dealer or an investment adviser either with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or with any state securities regulatory authority. We are neither licensed nor qualified to provide investment advice.

The contents of this website or email are not provided to any particular individual with a view toward their individual circumstances. The information contained on our website or email is not an offer to buy or sell securities. We distribute opinions, comments and information to individuals who wish to receive them. Such distribution is a general and regular circulation to our subscribers. The information contained therein constitutes impersonalized advice and involved disinterested commentary on the securities discussed.

Our website or email has been prepared for informational purposes only and is not intended to be used as a complete source of information on any particular company. An individual should never invest in the securities of any of the companies’ mentioned based solely on information contained on our website or email. Individuals should assume that all information provided regarding companies is not trustworthy unless verified by their own independent research.

Any individual who chooses to invest in any securities should do so with caution. Investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk; you may lose some or all of the money that is invested. Always research your own investments and consult with a registered investment advisor or licensed stock broker before investing.

Past performance is not indicative of future results. The material contained on this page,email or website is intended for informational purposes only. These trades are one hundred percent unbiased and brian.stock.algo.com is never compensated for them. Our website or email are neither an offer nor recommendation to buy or sell any security. We hold no investment licenses and are thus neither licensed nor qualified to provide investment advice. The content of our website or email and/or newsletter is not provided to any individual with a view toward their individual circumstances. While all information is believed to be reliable, it is not guaranteed by us to be accurate. Individuals should assume that all information contained on our website or email or in our newsletter is not trustworthy unless verified by their own independent research. Also, because events and circumstances frequently do not occur as expected, there will likely be differences between the any predictions and actual results. Always consult a licensed investment professional before making any investment decision. Be extremely careful, investing in securities carries a high degree of risk; you may likely lose some or all of the investment. We reserve the right to buy or sell shares of any company mentioned on our website or email or in our newsletter at any time.

brian.stock.algo.com, LLC and/or its affiliates may hold, buy, and sell securities that are discussed on brian.stock.algo.com. Such affiliates are buying and selling securities for their own account and do not engage in trades with subscribers. The buying and selling of securities by brian.stock.algo.com, LLC and/or its affiliates is not part of a regular business of buying and selling securities. We reserve the right to buy or sell the shares of any the companies mentioned in any materials we produce at any time. brian.stock.algo.com trades are made with a company portfolio, the funds are not directly from Jeff Bishop.

Information contained on our website or email will contain “forward looking statements” as defined under Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon these forward looking statements. These forward looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties outside of our control that could cause actual operations or results to differ materially from those anticipated. Factors that could affect performance include, but are not limited to, those factors that are discussed in each company’s most recent reports or registration statements filed with the SEC. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward looking statements included on the website or email and not place undue reliance upon such statements.

We are committed to providing factual information on the companies that are discussed. However, we do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information provided, including information regarding a company’s plans or ability to effect any planned or proposed actions. We have no first-hand knowledge of any company’s operations and therefore cannot comment on their capabilities, intent, resources, nor experience and we make no attempt to do so. Statistical information, dollar amounts, and market size data was provided by the subject company and related sources which we believe to be reliable.

To the fullest extent of the law, we will not be liable to any person or entity for the quality, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of the information provided on this website or email, or for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special or punitive damages that may arise out of the use of information we provide to any person or entity (including, but not limited to, lost profits, loss of opportunities, trading losses, and damages that may result from any inaccuracy or incompleteness of this information).

We encourage you to invest carefully and read investment information available at the website or emails of the SEC at http://www.sec.gov and FINRA at http://www.finra.org.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS DISCLAIMER, PLEASE EXIT THIS SITE IMMEDIATELY. PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN SHALL INDICATE YOUR CONSENT AND AGREEMENT TO THESE TERMS.
